hey what is going on guys you or
watching Matt the musketeer and this is
some black up to a little bit of black
ops 2 a little bit of laps little bit of
laps to you guys told me in my last
video that you wouldn't mind seeing meet
why some of this and you wanted me to
post some of this so I've gone ahead and
got the black ops 2 and gonna play some
games for you in my last video i was
playing cod4 which you haven't seen i'll
leave a link right there and I was just
asking would you guys want to see call
of duty because obviously with my
channel being predominantly battlefield
and my previous channel being
chronically battlefield o our guys who
you know like how I feel really hate
call of duty and I myself haven't been
into the dome at the most recent called
you he said it like 1am warfare two or
modern warfare 3 or black ops 1 so I was
kind of a bit worried if one this game
would be any good or two if you want me
you know to where to post any of it but
in my last video like I said you guys
well quite down with the idea me posting
this so high when it got black ops 2 I
got it very very cheap anyway this is
obviously on pc i think i paid like five
pound for it because my friend gave me
some look the shop now she's actually so
I went down to hmv mi a-- lunch break
and picked up black ops 2 unfortunately
I didn't get chance to play it all week
my at work we had a lot of working so
i'll be staying in the office till like
eight nine o'clock at night all week so
when i came in the last he wanted to do
was kind of got this really energe a
game i just wanted to say for the TV and
and just drink so i have really played
it all this week's these games are
actually from this morning from saturday
morning but i'm a little bit hungover
right now I'm not gonna lie so it's
quite difficult playing some of these
games last night we had my girlfriend's
friend round and she took us a meal and
we we had some wine and stuff and just
chilled out and struck me this morning
that man I feel old that is an old
person thing to do we had we had a
friends over and we drank wine and
cooked a meal and just chatted that was
man I'm I'm getting old but this morning
I'm paying for it a little bit I do feel
a little bit rough I'm not gonna lie to
you so playing black ops is actually
been a little bit difficult these
fast-moving screams and they're all
these gun noises and make my head hurt a
little bit but I wants to get a video up
for you guys and I know just Joey I
didn't wanna do a first thoughts video
it's kind of rambling right now but I
don't want to do a thirst thoughts video
because Christ if I see another one of
those I might actually kill myself as
sell me out there already and I'm sure
as i said this games been out a week now
I'm
late to post my first video on it so you
already know what it's like and what
people think of it what I will say is
though I am enjoying it like I said I
didn't really enjoy the previous Cubs I
kind of did like the Infinity Ward 1
since modern warfare 2 really this tray
up one seems to be pretty good the
graphics are quite nice you know it's
all still the same engine they're kind
of tight in the graphics up it's a lot
brighter black ops the original was very
kind of desaturate everything was gray
pretty much this looks a lot nicer I'm
still getting used to playing call of
duty again as I said the last time I
really play call duty we've cut for
about three years ago so it's been a
long time since I've kind of got into
that call of duty neck and then lobbying
to doing too bad icon topping this game
they get about 30 30 kills is emotion
get free for all so a 3416 I think of
something like that so you know it's not
amazing but it's quite good laughs my
final killings actually 0 with the c-4
damned etsy for because I think this is
one of the standard classes i'm just
using one of the this is one of my
personal classes and have the c-4 with
it and then getting to pour qu'ils is
quite fun so make sure you check out the
final kill come at the end it's quite
fun damn that's chief boys good it was
actually quite funny in this game
because it was a guy running around with
the riot shield you know just gonna bump
everybody so I was kind of letting him
see me and let him chase after me and
throwing some c4 down and trying to
detonate after you went past it I think
I wanted to do that successfully once or
twice before he eventually catches up
with me and we have a little almost of
Ronnie Hill sketch races chasing me
around an end
just get killed by him getting from by
little shield obviously shield again but
by sheer kills you in real life that's
that's absolute fucking fat right there
I'll tell you that right now you get hit
with a fucking plastic shield you are
dead man do not fuck with those shields
they are something since my wife Betsy
that i have found quite strange but
nevermind it adds a funny aspect to the
game so i don't mind it now this map i
think is called stranded or hijacked or
some something on those lines i'm gonna
fucking clue he said quite a nice map
though the m it's a very very fucking
big boatman who owns about it is an
expensive expensive boat it's very very
big going a little jacuzzi are more you
can sit the jicama it's actually doing
some quite funny gameplay tirana trying
to get in the jacuzzi which you can't do
is sit in crouch so i think it's my head
and gone we're just sitting out the
jacuzzi to know where the pot from
people off while taking a relaxing quite
bubbly bath it was the play nice so at
the moment i am really actually enjoying
black ops 2 as i said i'm not that good
yet i'm getting better that's something
I thought make quite interesting videos
kind of show my progression at this game
I was lose a lot of commentators out
there who just they were just gotten
good Accord you know they just jumped
right on there in their phone yet
fucking taking bitches down but uh cuz
called you is are so similar that if you
and they view good at modern warfare 3
or black ops and you can jump onto this
game and all you gotta do is learn the
new map you know you've already got your
controls down you've got you you kind of
sensitivities down you you know all that
kind of stuff so I'm I'm gonna take a
while to get to get better at it so
hopefully you'll enjoy these videos
you'll see my progression i think i'll
be posting a lot of free-for-alls
because that's something we battlefield
that i have actually missed backfield
doesn't have that kind of free-for-all
sent even think that gungame you
actually on team
so I'm quite enjoying not having any
real objective just getting to go around
and just absolutely nail bitches left
right and center oh here he comes here
he comes Oh Oh bitch you did take my
fucking plastic shields in the face damn
um yes I think we post a lot of free
throws just because the quite
action-packed the quiet form the quite
sure you know so I hope you enjoy that
kind of stuff guys are in the meantime
if you like this video please give me a
thumbs up and a comment and you know
whatever the fuck you want to do I'll
put another video this weekend because I
missed you guys be at work a lot so i'll
be posting some more videos this weekend
so stay tuned from the meantime enjoy
your weekend and I will see you soon